見えないものばかり
信じては引き裂かれ
見失う光のかたち

明日はどうせ無条件
来るから
疾走るしかない

and baby that's as good as it gets
gotta live your life with no regrets
we know what you give is what you get
and baby that's as good as it gets

光のSPEEDに
こころごとあずけたら
聞こえない世界(おと)が聞こえる

夢から夢はうまれ
そこから
はじまるもの

and baby that's as good as it gets
gotta live your life with no regrets
we know what you give is what you get
and baby that's as good

and baby that's as good as it gets
gotta live your life with no regrets
we know what you give is what you get
and baby that's as good as it gets

駆け出す faster
いつかは higher...woah...
誰もが dreamer
ゆめ discover
baby take it all the way and never stop

and baby that's as good as it gets
gotta live your life with no regrets
we know what you give is what you get
and baby that's as good as it gets

and baby that's as good as it gets
gotta live your life with no regrets
we know what you give is what you get
and baby that's as good

and baby that's as good as it gets
gotta live your life with no regrets
we know what you give is what you get
and baby that's as good
and baby that's as good as it gets